# Reading 07 Reflections

Developers should endeavour not to use tables for layout as they can be difficult for screen readers to parse, ergo the site will not be accessible. They are also inflexible, difficult to maintain, intrusive in terms of the way that they can mess up the general layout of a page and affect page load times. Three HTML elements that can be used in a table are tr (table row), th (header cell) and and td (data cell).

A constructor in JavaScript essentially makes your code cleaner. For instance, constructors are invoked automatically when an object is created. They also take parameters and arguments, which make code cleaner as they can be reused.

There are many definitions of domain modelling, some of which can be found below:

- “The Domain Model is your organized and structured knowledge of the problem. The Domain Model should represent the vocabulary and key concepts of the problem domain and it should identify the relationships among all of the entities within the scope of the domain.” [2]
- “A domain model is a visual representation of conceptual classes or real-world objects in a domain of interest.” [3]
  ‘A visual dictionary of abstractions.”[3]
- “A Domain Model creates a web of interconnected objects, where each object represents some meaningful individual, whether as large as a corporation or as small as a single line on an order form.” [4]
- “… a conceptual model of the domain that incorporates both behavior and data.” [5]

2. Brown, Philip. (11.12.2014) What is the Domain Model in Domain Driven Design? Culttt Retrieved from: https://goo.gl/cLDiTT
3. Larman, Craig. Applying UML and Patterns. An Introduction to Object-Oriented Analysis and Design and the Unified Process. Second edition.
4. Fowler, Martin. (11.11.2009) Framework Design Guidelines: Domain Logic Patterns. Retrieved from: https://goo.gl/mWsL5R
5. Wikipedia article on Domain Model.

Prototype analogy courtesy of Chat GPT:

As an AI language model, I don't have any previous work experience in the traditional sense, but I can use an analogy to explain prototypes and inheritance.

Let's say you're a cake decorator and you've been asked to create a series of cakes for a bakery. You start by creating a prototype cake, which is a model cake that has all the basic features that you want your other cakes to have. This prototype cake might have a certain flavor, certain decorations, and a certain size that you want to use as a starting point for your other cakes.

Once you have your prototype cake, you can use it as a basis for creating other cakes with similar features. For example, you might create a chocolate cake that is similar in size and decoration to the prototype cake, but with a different flavor. This chocolate cake would inherit many of the basic features of the prototype cake, but with some changes to make it unique.

Similarly, in programming, a prototype is a basic model or template that is used to create other objects with similar features. Inheritance is a way of creating new objects that inherit properties and methods from existing objects, just as the chocolate cake inherits some of the basic features of the prototype cake. This allows programmers to create new objects quickly and efficiently, using existing code as a starting point.
