# Reading 05 Reflections

## Things I want to know

- Pretty much got a good grasp on everything discussed in this reading section!

Alt text allows screen readers to easily scan the information on a page, making said information accessible to people with visual impairments. This text will also display if for some reason the image cannot be loaded, enabling users to access information all the same. Developers can use alt attributes within HTML docs (for instance, alongside images) for precisely the purpose mentioned above. A gif image is a series of frames made up of pixels that convey motion on a loop, whereas an svg image is a web-friendy vector file (rather than pixels, these files are based on lines, dots, shapes and algorithms and they are highly scalable). Typically, images formatted as png are ideal for displaying on a website, as they more precisely reproduce source images from the developer's machine (i.e. little compression). The figure element specifies content such as charts, images and sidebars.

Foreground colour refers to the space on the screen that takes precedence over the background. This includes font colour or the colour of objects. The colour of the background of a page of course makes up the background, that which sits behind the foreground. If I were to be tasked with improving a friend's blog, I would add colour by creating a CSS file, link the HTML to that CSS file, then add either an ID tag or a class tag to the sections that I want to target. For instance, I could include a div element within the header called header.container, which I would reference in the CSS using .headercontainer, then I would select my colours using 'background-color:' or simply 'color' to change the font color (either type the name of the colour or find the specific colour code online). Alternatively, you could use the \* symbol to target the entire page.

When picking a font for your page, it might first be worth considering importing fonts from Google Fonts as these allow you to more precisely visualise a specific font family with various font weights. Within CSS, you can also alter the font-style (italics, bold, etc.) Specifying font-size allows developers to manipulate the size of their font beyond the default 16px, while font-weight is another way to make your font bolder or lighter. To add spacing around characters in an h1 element, you can eiter use 'style = letter-spacing: ...' within HTML, or specify 'letter.spacing: ...' within a section in CSS targetted at the h1 HTML element.
