<!DOCTYPE html>
<html lang="en">
  <head>
    <meta charset="UTF-8" />
    <meta http-equiv="X-UA-Compatible" content="IE=edge" />
    <meta name="viewport" content="width=device-width, initial-scale=1.0" />
    <title>Class 201 Lab 1</title>
    <meta name="Class 201 Lab 1"
      content="Lab 1">
<style type="text/css">
  h1 {
    background-color: aquamarine;
    color: black;
  }
</style>
  </head>
    </style>
    <header>
      <div class="header-container"></div>
      <div class="container header-container">
        <h1>Class Lab 1</h1>
      </div>
    </header>
    <main>
      <section class="questions">
        <div class="questions-container"></div>
        <h2 class="questions-heading">Questions</h2>
        <p style="color:cadetblue; background-color: burlywood;">What's your name?</p>
        <p style="color: chartreuse; background-color: coral;">What's your favourite type of cat?</p>
        <p style="color: cornflowerblue; background-color: deeppink;">If your favourite type of cat is a ..., then what is your favourite type of dog?</p>
        <p style="color: gold; background-color: darkorchid;">If you had to choose between your ... or your ..., which would you choose?</p>
      </section>
    </main>

    <footer>
      <div class="footer-container"></div>
    </footer>
    <script>
      let siteVisitor = prompt("What's your name?");
      console.log("Our visitor's name is " + siteVisitor);
      alert("Welcome to my site, " + siteVisitor + ".")

      let favCat = prompt("What is your favourite type of cat?")
      console.log("Their favourite type of cat is also a " + favCat)
      alert("Awesome, " + siteVisitor + "! My favourite type of cat is also " + favCat)

      let favDog = prompt("If your favourite type of cat is a " + favCat + ", then what is your favourite type of dog, " + siteVisitor + "?")
      console.log("Their favourite type of dog is also a " + favDog)
      alert("What a coincidence! My favourite type of dog is a " + favDog + " too!")

      let favDogAndCat = prompt("If you had to choose between your " + favCat + " or your " + favDog + " which would you choose?")
      console.log("Their answer is also both " + favCat + favDog)
      alert("Great answer! I also could not choose between my " + favCat + " or " + favDog)
    </script>

  </body>
</html>

# Reading 01 Reflections

Understanding each of the topics treated in this section will consolidate my overall knowledge of software development and programming languages.

## Things I want to know more about

I am still trying to get to grips with the core tenets of JavaScript in addition to the various ways to carry out tasks therein (it's all very complex despite often being referred to as accessible), but I am determined to do so!

## Poem

Through wires and waves,
Data streams like a maze,
HTTP speaks the code,
Between computers, it flows.

A request is sent,
To a server, it's meant,
The response comes back,
On the same digital track.

Bytes and bits in motion,
A message with emotion,
From a screen to the cloud,
HTTP speaks out loud.

A language universal,
Connecting computers plural,
HTTP keeps us linked,
In a world digitally synced.

## Question Responses

HTML, CSS and JS parsing has to do with token and tree construction. Code that is well constructed with tags, attributes and values, i.e. tokenised, is agglomerated into a document tree so that the browser can make sense of what is written.

Royalty-free images for use in websites can be found on sites such as Unsplash. You can add these images by dragging and dropping the image into an images folder and then inserting the image address into the HTML code. On some systems, it might be necessary to drag and drop or save the image directly into the images folder within the Linux documents folder.

In JavaScript, a string is enclosed in double quotation marks, whereas numbers do not need these. A variable stores different types of value, such as numbers, strings or objects, booleans, arrays, etc. Values are important as they help users execute specific tasks within JavaScript.

A HTML attribute allows users to manipulate the charactersistics of a HTML element. For instance, the src attribute of an image specifies the image path.

The article element is semantic, whereas the section element is not. Another difference is that the section element improves the accessibility of pages by dividing up the structure, while the article element specifically encases content that is similar.

The typical elements that make up a webpage, are the head, which contains metadata, header, containing headings, the main part in which the body is nested that comprises the most important content, and the footer. Generally, the website will have images, logos, potentially some forms, and contact info.

In terms of metadata, the search engine will crawl the web page to pick up on keywords and other pieces of data like the page description, character set and so on, that makes the page unique and/or accessible. If a page contains enough meaningful metadata, the webpage will appear higher in search results. The type of HTML tags used also factors into SEO optimisation. Semantic tags are not only easier to read, but they are perceived as more important and accessible by search engines.

The first step to designing any webpage is setting out the goals that you hope to accomplish. The project should tie directly to the realisation of these goals. The most important question to answer, then, is what exactly you hope to accomplish through creating this project.

Interactive elements of the browser, such as the prompt popup box and button animations require JavaScript. To input JS directly into HTML, you can use the script tag in which all the JS code is enclosed.
