# Reading 10 Reflections

The difference between a syntax error and a logic error is that a syntax error occurs when a program does not conform to the grammar of a programming language, whereas a logic error occurs when the logic that the developer uses is incorrect.

In past labs, I have encountered a number of syntax errors, namely when I have forgotten to use a bracket, comma, semi-colon, and so on. In terms of my long term goals, being able to identify errors will mean that I make fewer mistakes in future projects.

In JavaScript, debuggers report errors directly to the user, enabling said user to identify errors more quickly. A breakpoint can be set as a means to stop the execution of code in a certain place, allowing the user to examine variables as the code runs. According to Mozilla, 'A call stack is a mechanism for an interpreter (like the JavaScript interpreter in a web browser) to keep track of its place in a script that calls multiple functions — what function is currently being run and what functions are called from within that function, etc.

- When a script calls a function, the interpreter adds it to the call stack and then starts carrying out the function.
- Any functions that are called by that function are added to the call stack further up, and run where their calls are reached.
- When the current function is finished, the interpreter takes it off the stack and resumes execution where it left off in the last code listing.
- If the stack takes up more space than it was assigned, a "stack overflow" error is thrown.'  
  (cite: https://developer.mozilla.org/en-US/docs/Glossary/Call_stack#:~:text=A%20call%20stack%20is%20a,from%20within%20that%20function%2C%20etc.)
