# Reading 11 Reflections

Audio and video on the web allows for better communication and productivity. For instance, instead of going to the library to consult books, we can now visit sites such as YouTube to find content related to our needs. Video conferencing has also become a big feature of every day life since the pandemic, with more and more people working from home and seeking recourse to audio and video as a means to communicate with their colleagues.

In the < video > element, the controls attribute sets the video controls that will be displayed, i.e. a play button. Fallback content inside of the < video > element is important as it allows information to be relayed to visitors on a site if the browser does not support the < video > element.

The difference between Flex and Grid is that the former operates on a single axis, whereas the latter is used when laying out elements on both horizontal and vertical axes.

A grid container is a grid layout with rows, columns and areas. The grid container contains a grid item, which can span multiple columns and/or rows. Grid lines are created when tracks in the grid are explicitly defined using CSS Grid Layout.

Implementing responsive image not only improves user experience because of faster load times - it also optimises file sizes and means that images are right for the screen size.

The srcset attribute allows developers to append different image attributes in addition to size information (the sizes attribute) so that the browser can select an image appropriate to the device's resolution.

Using srcset in CSS or JavaScript, rather than altering image attributes in HTML, allows developers to better seperate their concerns, i.e. to maintain clean code.
