# Class 04 Reading Reflections

## Things I want to know more about

- The more in-depth workings of CSS (practice makes perfect in this case)
- Still taking some time to get my head around JavaScript functions
- Pair programming sounds like an interesting concept that I feel would definitely have a positive impact on my learning; eager to put this into practice!

To create a basic link in HTML, we must wrap text or other content inside an anchor element. The href attribute of the anchor contains the link. To ensure that links on our pages are accessible to all readers, users can include alt text, which essentially describes the image in words, and/or a content element, which summarises the content.

In CSS, "normal flow" means the way in which block and inline elements are displayed prior to any changes being made to how they're laid out. Some differences between block and inline elements are: block elements, unlike inline elements, create a new line in the document flow. A block element will occupy space on a page from left to right, whereas the space an inline element can occupy is dictated by the HTML. Static positioning is the default for every HTML element. Absolute positioning offers some benefits. For instance, developers are better able to precisely control elements within complex layouts. Plus, by using absolute positioning, elements can be controlled independently of their parent element, meaning that conflicts with other elements are precluded. The major difference between this type of positioning and fixed positioning is that the latter is fixed in relation to the viewport, while absolutely positioned elements are relative to a containing block, being the nearest ancestor.

A function declaration is the initial process by which value is a assigned to a variable, while invocation has to do with the execution of script. The main difference between a parameter and an argument is that parameters constitute how a function is defined, whereas arguments are values inhered within a function.

2 benefits to pair programming that would help me excel in my coding journey include being exposed to the ways in which more experienced developers code and improving my overall efficiency. In the first instance, acquainting myself with the technical abilities, skills and knowledge sets of other developers will help me to expand my own repertoire. Having been imparted with the more foundational knowledge of coding, I can then focus on honing the hard skills that will make me more efficient as a developer. I may also learn some tips from my pair partner that I hadn't previously thought of, improving my efficiency.
