# Class 02 Reading Reflections

## Things I want to know more about

Got to keep familiarising with the JavaScript terminology!! --

It is important to use semantic elements in HTML to improve SEO and site accessibility, since semantic elements allow search engines to determine a page's importance. The sub tag renders text half a character below the baseline, whereas the sup tag renders text half a character above the baseline. There are 6 levels of headings, 1 hash being the largest heading and 6 being the smallest. The abbr tag denotes an abbreviation, although adding the title attribute expands said abbreviation.

The 3 ways of applying CSS are inline, within HTML elements, internal, using a style element in the head section of HTML code, or external, using a link element to create a separate CSS file. You should generally avoid using inline CSS as it is important to separate your concerns. Otherwise, your HTML code can become more difficult to read, i.e. less accessible, and maintain. Also, the size and download time of the page itself can be adversely effected.

In the block of code outlined in the questions section, the declaration components are "padding" and "color", the prperties are "black and 5px" and the selector is represented by "h2".

In JavaScript, the data type enclosed in single quotation marks is a string. There are a number of JS Operators. For instance, > (greater than), < (less than), >= (greater than or equal to), and <= (less than or equal to). These are all comparison operators.

'An if statement checks a BOOLEAN VALUE and if it evaluates to TRUE, then the code block will execute.'

'Else if is a conditional statement that, if true, performs a function.' cite: https://www.computerhope.com/jargon/e/elseif.htm

'The logical AND operator ( && ) returns true if both operands are true and returns false otherwise.' cite: https://learn.microsoft.com/en-us/cpp/cpp/logical-and-operator-amp-amp?view=msvc-170

On the other hand, || is the logical OR operator, meaning that 'a set of operands is true if and only if one or more of its operands is true.' cite: https://developer.mozilla.org/en-US/docs/Web/JavaScript/Reference/Operators/Logical_OR
