# Reading 09 Reflections

Forms are important as they allow developers collect user input in an accessible manner. When designing a form in HTML, developers should be cognizant of labels, marking optional or required fields, error feedback and action buttons (submit or reset the form). Some elements of an HTML form include < fieldset >, < legend >, < label > and < input > (spaces for illustrative purposes only). Elements such as divs can also be used within forms. The < form > element is fundamental as it determines a form's behaviour. The < fieldset > element groups together other elements that share the same purpose (styling and semantic), like a < section > element. According to mdn web docs, 'Many assistive technologies will use the < legend > element as if it is a part of the label of each control inside the corresponding < fieldset > element' (cite: https://developer.mozilla.org/en-US/docs/Learn/Forms/How_to_structure_a_web_form). The < label > element essentially defines a label for an HTML form element (such as a text box), which makes sites more accessible via screen readers. These elements are also clickable, meaning that the corresponding element is activated once this element is clicked on, again making the site more accessible. The < input > element allows developers to implement interactivity into their site that will collect user data. For instance, this particular element could be used to define a submit button. Of course, the < div > element is useful for structuring your site.

In JavaScript, events are things that occur within the system you are programming that are then reacted to. For instance, the user could click a button on your webpage and the reaction could be a textbox that displays on-screen. When using the addEventListener() method, we could specificy the event type in addition to the parameter that defines the function to be called and executed when the event occurs. An event object is the data inhered within an event. The target within the event object is useful as it can identify which element an event originated from and for altering the value of the element.

According to The Modern JavaScript Tutorial, the standard DOM Events describes 3 phases of event propagation: Capturing phase – the event goes down to the element. Target phase – the event reached the target element. Bubbling phase – the event bubbles up from the element (cite: https://javascript.info/bubbling-and-capturing#:~:text=The%20standard%20DOM%20Events%20describes,bubbles%20up%20from%20the%20element.).
